# Aion
This project was commisioned by [Prof. Julie Macpherson](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/chemistry/research/macpherson) the [Warwick Electrochemistry & Interfaces Group](https://warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/chemistry/research/electrochemistry/) for 5 weeks in April 2018.

This is the final version distributed to them, and it is no longer under active development.

For full documentation for the code and rational please see the [documentation](./docs/Aion_documentation.pdf). There is also [instalation documentation](./docs/installation_documentation.pdf) located in the [docs](./docs) directory.

## Introduction
Aion has been designed and written to perform data analysis on calibration and unbuffered data generated by CHI potentiostats performing square wave voltammetry anodic scans, using functionalised boron diamond pH electrodes.

This code has been designed to handle erroneous data and filenames as best as possible, however not all cases may have been anticipated. Currently the list of exceptions anticipated for unbuffered data analysis are as follows:
- If the filename contains too few underscores to contain the correct amount of data, the file is skipped. Then the user is notified
- If the current data contained within the file contains a positive value, the data is flagged as potentially erroneous and the user is notified. Further action is required by the user to
proceed.
- If the provided data is noisy, the correct 2nd derivative should be selected. All tested data, even with significant noise, has successfully selected the correct 2nd derivative. However, there may be a dataset which has not been accounted for. 

### Development
This project was developed soley by Harry Tunstall and is distributed under the Apache 2.0 Licence.